here we
are we're inside a trials
chamber hello and welcome back to learn
English with Minecraft my name is Kenzo
and this is English from the ground up
and I'm starting this video underground
because I was mining for diamonds and as
you can see I found 26 diamonds and
that's a good thing because in the last
video almost all of my armor broke the
only armor that I'm wearing right now is
this Diamond Helmet so I'm going to
build a new set of diamond armor and
enchant it this is a really long
staircase
gold all right we're finally home
let's see let's go to the crafting table
all right I'm going to build a new set
of diamond armor we'll build a diamond
chest
plate diamond
leggings a diamond helmet and finally
some diamond boots there we go a full
set of diamond armor and I'll put away
these two diamonds I have nine diamonds
total okay let's go enchant my my
diamond
armor uh but first I have something to
show you so you remember the 5,000
statue that I built in the last
episode well I improved it look at
this I built this off camera look at
what I built so now the button the
button is right here instead of being
clear up there like it was in the last
video so now I can press this button and
run along this path and
watch I learned how to build better
fireworks and I used the glowstone lamps
that I built in the previous video and
look at this let's go down
here this is redstone dust uh this is
some of the wiring that
connects the button to the fireworks up
there it goes underwater right here okay
let's go to sleep in my fishing
Hut okay let's go enchant my diamond
armor and let's head to the enchanting
table first let's pick up some
lapis now let's enchant this diamond
armor
level
30 level
30 and level
cool all right now I'm going to put on
all of this new armor the leggings the
boots the helmet and the chest plate
there we go now let's continue our
search for a trials chamber
so let's go over to the Villager house
let's open the gate and close it and
let's go to the
Cartographer hello
cartographer
okay here we go the trial Explorer map
this is the map that I want so I will
trade him one compass and 12 Emerald for
the
map let's do
it cool and I'll take back my
emeralds awesome so now I have a trials
Explorer map the trials chamber is right
there on the
map
oh and there I am in the bottom right
hand corner I'll pick up some bread and
I think I'll take some wheat
and I'll use the wheat to make more
bread
bread there we go now I have 42 bread 64
baked potatoes 42 Cod that should be
plenty of food okay close let's close my
doors
and I think I'm ready to go searching
for the trials chamber using the trial
Explorer map
ooh okay the dot got smaller so I think
I'm going the wrong way I think I need
to go that
way I'm really excited to build my
aquarium over
here I hope I can find some Dolphins to
put in here and a bunch of different
kinds of fish I'm going to start running
through the
jungle is the dot getting bigger I think
so the Dot's getting bigger okay I'm
going in the right direction it's
getting
dark okay I'm pretty far away from my
house whoa the trees here have huge
trunks look at how huge the trunk of
this tree
is there are also giant mushrooms here
like that one uhoh run all right I'm
running on the
[Music]
Treetops skeletons and
zombies run run run run
run I'm on the
map I'm on the map okay we're going the
right
way oh
creeper ooh that one almost
exploded the sun's coming back up there
are some pumpkins and some watermelons
growing here we're getting
closer whoa what's on fire over
there there must be some lava yeah
there's some lava
here
okay let's
turn this way okay we're so close we're
so close all right I think I'm just
above the trials chamber so now it's
time to dig down so I'll get out my
netherite shovel and let's start digging
down torch did I bring any more
torches nope I'm going to go back up and
get some wood I'll chop down this
tree now
I can build some planks with planks I
can build
sticks and then once I find some coal I
can use coal and sticks to build torches
all right let's
continue is that coal I think that's
coal I'm going to use my fortune pickaxe
to mine this
coal okay I really want some
torches there we go
torches now I can see
okay and I collected 46
coal let's go back to digging
down oh did I find it I think I found it
these are stone
bricks I think we found the trials
chamber who okay here we
are we're inside a tri's
chamber okay there are some
pots
ooh there were some emeralds inside that
pot there were some arrows in that
pot in that pot that were uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh die these skeletons have mushrooms
on their heads
die let's block it
okay bread arrows whoa look at the tip
of that Arrow it's
green what are these arrows of poison
let's break this pot
arrows let's break this pot more arrows
this pot look looks different than the
others look this one has a design on it
let's break this
pot decorated
pot what if I break it with my pickaxe
oh I shattered
it but look at
that Guster Pottery Shard I think that
this will allow me to build pots with
that P on it so that's cool ooh let's
open this
door a
chest let's open the
chest what there's nothing in here
there's nothing in this
[Music]
chest
uh-oh die
I did it a key okay I think I can use
these keys on these
chests
yeah oh I can't pick it up because my
inventory is full I will throw away some
gravel uh-oh
uh-oh come here
die die whoa
uh-oh uh-oh uh uhoh
die die I got it
whoa another
one die I need to eat I need to eat I
need to eat
eat okay now I'm
healing let's go fight
it die die die die
die Breeze
rods okay I think you need Breeze rods
to build the mace so this is
awesome the reward for beating those
enemies was some cooked
chicken okay I'll throw away some
bricks and I'll eat this cooked
chicken
uh-oh Zombies die die die
die I did it another key
awesome so now I have two
keys yeah two trial Keys okay let's take
one of the trial keys and use it to open
this
box ah what I'm hoping to find is a
heavy core in one of these boxes I have
another key right here let's use this
key to open this
box heavy
core no I got some honey some arrows
and an enchanted book with impaling two
okay well let's continue searching for
the heavy
core oh there's another one right here
okay I need to find another
key oh there's a ladder here let's jump
jump ah
jump okay let's place a block now let's
jump and climb the
ladder there's another chest it's
probably going to be
empty
Oops why are all of the chest empty
let's open this door Another Empty chest
oh this chest has a diamond axe in it as
well as an iron
ingot okay oh there's a barrel let's
look in this
Barrel a stone
axe no thank you I'll leave that there
okay let's climb up the ladder climb
climb
climb what's up here open the
door okay let's go up this winding
staircase a
chest
okay ooh a bunch of arrows more arrows
of
poison and some wind
charges let's pick those up let's climb
down
whoa this trials chamber is huge there's
another Barrel first let's break this
pot some iron
ingots now let's look in the barrel
Honeycombs okay in this Barrel there's a
bunch of scaffolding and
bamboo no thank
you emeralds iron
ingots whoa okay there's another chest
over
there let's break this
nothing uhoh uh-oh die
die
uh-oh die
die okay I got another
key stop come here die let's open one
more box let's open this box
here we
go heavy
core no heavy core an ominous bottle bad
Omen 2 I have no idea what this ominous
bottle
does okay I'm ending this video here
like And subscribe if you want to help
support this channel you can make a
donation on my coffee Page by clicking
up here and I will see you in the next
video see you
[Music]